fix: use right gpu device for training when use device cuda:<index> (#1298)
instructlab/instructlab: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

### Breaking Changes

> 

Reviewer: This needs to be changed, we now need to move this into the 0.18 section (please create it).

Author: ok

Reviewer: Actually I have a PR here https://github.com/instructlab/instructlab/pull/1427 so I stop asking people about it.

Reviewer: The new release should be at the top of the file.

> - **ilab model train** '--device' parameter does not support use gpu index(such as 'cuda:0') anymore.To use specific GPU,set visible GPU before run train command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ilab model train`: The '--device' parameter no longer supports specifying a GPU index (e.g., 'cuda:0'). To use a specific GPU, set the visible GPU before running the train command.
```

Author: updated
